=encoding utf-8

=head1 NAME

Pod::Weaver::Section::Legal::Complicated - add a pod section with multiple authors, copyright owners and licenses in a file basis

=head1 VERSION

version 1.21

=head1 SYNOPSIS

In your F<weaver.ini>

  [Legal::Complicated]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This plugin is aimed at distributions that have several files, each of them with
possibly different authors, copyright owners and licenses.

It will look for these values in comments of the source code (analyzed
through a C<ppi_document>) with the following form:

  # AUTHOR:  John Doe <john.doe@otherside.com>
  # AUTHOR:  Mary Jane <mary.jane@thisside.com>
  # OWNER:   2001-2005 University of Over Here
  # OWNER:   2012 Mary Jane
  # LICENSE: GPL_3

This example would generate the following POD:

  =head2 AUTHORS

  John Doe <john.doe@otherside.com>
  Mary Jane <mary.jane@thisside.com>

  =head2 COPYRIGHT

  This software is copyright (c) 2001-2005 by University of Over Here, and 2012 by Mary Jane.

  This software is available under The GNU General Public License, Version 3, June 2007.

Note that this plugin makes a distinction between the authors (whoever wrote the
code), and the actual copyright owners (possibly the person who paid them to
write it).

I am not a lawyer myself, any feedback on better ways to deal with this kind of
situations is most welcome.

=head1 ATTRIBUTES

=head2 add_dist_license

If true, it will also add the distribution license to each of the files.
Defaults to false.

=head2 head

Sets the heading level for the legal section. Defaults to 1.

=head1 NOTE ON DEPENDENCIES

This plugin is dependent on the L<Software::License::*> module of the license
being used. Since it is not feasible to list them all, only L<Software::License>
is listed as dependency (of the distribution, even though it is not actually
used directly.

=for Pod::Coverage _extract_comments

=for Pod::Coverage _join
makes sure there's not too many "and" when there's too many entries

=for Pod::Coverage weave_section

=head1 AUTHOR

Carnë Draug <cdraug@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is Copyright (c) 2013 by Carnë Draug.

This is free software, licensed under:

  The GNU General Public License, Version 3, June 2007

